And alast actually edit the sign up page.
Now I want to add the sign in page and for this I'm going to copy the form from my sign up component
into the sign in component I will change the method name which gets executed on sign in and change the
button to sign in.
And of course you could also try to refactored this app to only use one component for both pages.
Here I would go with two separate components though.
So that's my sign in page.
The inputs are the same as before.
I will need to add my own sign in method here because that's executed wants the form is submitted and
I will receive the form of type entry form which needs to be imported from an angle or foreigns as an
argument.
Now of course I want to reach out to you a method in the off service which allows me to sign a user
in with credentials entered here.
So let's go to the off service and let's add a sign in user method.
Again we will receive your email here and a password probably of type string.
And now we're still using the firebase SDK in the off section.
We get a number a helpful method which is signed in with email and password.
And again a very descriptive name.
We pass the email and password and we should be good to go again ask before we could return the promise
to handle it in the component or handle it here.
Even then block to handle successful response or in the catch block to handle errors.
I'm interested in what we get back in the then blog here though.
So here I will get back some type of response which I'll want to lock to the console so that will get
returned if authentication is successful.
I'm also interested in any errors we might get.
So I will also still log this to the console though.
So the sign in use or method is added.
Now I want to call it from the sign in component and ask before for.
I will simply inject d of service here and add the import at the top and an on sign in I can then reach
out to the off service called sign and user and simply pass email and password which I can retrieve
just like I retrieved that in the on sign up method retrieving it from my foreign value.
So now I'm passing e-mail and password here to Dabb method.
And we should also add a route to be able to load design in component.
Otherwise we'll have a hard time hitting that submit button.
So let's go to our routing module and add a number Routier maybe add slash sign in where I want to load
the sign in component to which you will need to add an import here at the top so pointing to the folder
and then slash sign in and then slash signing components so that typescript is able to find that component.
And I also want to add a link in my header.
So here I will simply next to register put a number link leading to slash sign in which is to route
we just create it where I will simply say log in.
With that we have a new ruling here and it works as you can see we switch between Sign up and sign in.
Now let's try signing in with potential's we just created.
So I hope you remember your password and it looks good that is our success response and that looks very
cryptic Indeed and what does Holz though will be our token.
It also holds our user ID and our things which might be interesting to us but very important it holds
to token with which we are able to identify ourselves.
Now this token could be stored by ourselves manually but we don't need to do that because firebase when
using the SDK will automatically store that token for us when we call this sign in method and we can
see that token if Indy chrome developer tools we visit application.
And here we go to the local storage because that is where firebase will store it and then to the local
host 4200 storage here you'll see we get as firebase key and wifi expanders we see that the value holds
a lot of user information.
And amongst all that information stored here you will also find the token.
You'll find the expiration time of the token to you and dad your dad long cryptic string that is our
access token.
So that is stored by firebase.
And what we could manually exit here in our local storage we can of course do this we can access our
local storage.
We will also have a convenient method of retrieving the token when using the firebase SDK.
We will see this in the next lectures when we use this token to authenticate ourselves